blog: add security notice blog (#23321)
backstage/backstage: microsite/blog/2024-02-28-security-notice.mdx

---
title: "CVE-2024-26150: Keeping Backstage safe and secure"
author: Ben Lambert, Spotify & Sam Nixon, Roadie
---

**TL;DR**: For the Backstage maintainers, ensuring that the project is secure for every adopter and end user is one of our top priorities. 
With the recent discovery of [CVE-2024-26150](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2024-26150), we've shipped fixes for versions > v1.15.0. 
Please update your Backstage instance.

![Backstage Security Audit & Updates](assets/22-08-23/backstage-security-audit.png)

{/* truncate */}

Last week we were notified by [Roadie](https://roadie.io/) of a potential security vulnerability in the scaffolder that they had discovered during a third-party security audit. 
Roadie are running their scaffolder tasks in an isolated, ephemeral container to mitigate these kinds of issues, but as good citizens of the Backstage community, they alerted the Backstage maintainer team to make sure a fix was applied to the upstream project. 
Upon further investigation, it turned out that this was a more widespread issue with the `resolveSafeChildPath` utility from the `@backstage/backend-common` package, which is used to prevent path traversal exploits. 

> This issue has now been fixed, and also backported to cover releases almost a year ago.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue has now been fixed, and also backported to cover releases up to almost a year old.
```
